hi again um I'm gonna show you how to
make a custom Lego machine gun and how
to turn it into a lightsaber so you'll
need one of these it doesn't matter blue
or grey but i prefer grey it looks close
and one of these lightsaber or blades
it's black mines black because I got it
from my m TT um you'll need one of these
um looks sort of like a robot armor
wrench um one of these clone guns clone
pistol you can find them like I think
most of the Clone Wars packs with um
clones with them in them and last piece
one of these things mine's red because I
just found it I'm Cedars like that
placing them at all to put an X axle
come on so i'll show you how to make it
so wait yeah machine gun right um so you
take the wrench and axle thing and you
slide it in not all the way wait one
second i'll get a mini food i'm gonna
use a cone for instance so see how you
have to make it so the clone can hold it
are any Jedi you're making or using wait
oh I'm making a lightsaber oops sorry um
I'm gonna show you how to make it into a
lightsaber so anyway you take well start
again take the pistol and then put it
into the axle thing like this and then
you take the bar thing and you slide it
on so now you have a rifle you can keep
it as a rifle but i'm gonna show you how
to make our machine gun take the wrench
and then you slide it on so it kind of
looks like the mini fit can hold on to
it you're going to use this or you can
put the gray thing on and uses like sort
of like a nozzle so now you have this
and I'll show you what the minifig
holding it looks like that and here I'll
make it so it looks cool one second i'll
make them look cool they're so if you
want you can watch the rest of video and
learn how to make a lightsaber added
asst i was kind of doing it by accident
before him i showed you how to make this
gun so you're all make it and so again
you take the wrench and axle switch
thing and you do the same thing remember
and make it so too many fake and hold it
and then you take this and you have a
finished lightsaber custom light super
not like those other ones they look
cooler so there it is choo choo choo ah
so yeah that's how you make a custom
machine gun or lightsaber but